Summative user evaluation notes:

Refer to the PNG available above for the state of the website during the summative user evaluation, and the current state for the version after since these changes where among the last made to the website.

Overall:

1. Find a color palette, which has good readability while still being in theme. 
2. Ensure all buttons are styled correctly.
3. Implement a visual rating system, for ratings between 1-5, either using stars or the yoda head icon, in addition to the numerical value.
4. Use specific fonts + bold/italics to seperate different text, such as titles or descriptions
5. It is weird that for non-users the upvote numbers are always 0, since they are unable to read from the database, which may be misleading since the number may differ from 0.

How Header/Search feedback was acted upon:
1. Colors where changes, to improve readability, and these are a bit more consistent between pages. 
2. All buttons are now styled, even if not in the exact same way for each button.
3. A visual rating system was implemented, using the yoda head icon used in multiple places on the website.
4. Text is better seperated using the html text objects, to better clarify what different text objects are.
5. Upvote numbers are removed from the interface if the user is not signed in, since this information concerns the websites page and may not be relevant to someone just looking up one game, thus being something which may only be relevant for a frequent user of the website.

Detailed View:

1. Yodafied description removes spaces following punctuation, which reduced the texts readability.
2. Tags + similar in detailed view should not include scroller, reduces readability and looks weird for such small amount of content.
Make them row-based, or increase size of boxes a bit.

3. Grey on details view for Tags + similar not a good choice, use same color as description.
4. Center the detail view image, and move the show screenshot button to either directly below or slightly to the left of the image.
5. Add spinner for detail view API calls, to improve system understandability for user.
6. Clarify playtime, to something like estimated or main story playtime
7. Place image directly after title in detail view.
8. Move upvote + total upvotes buttons to either top rigth or bottom rigth of page, since not relevant for the game but rather for the page.
9. Add margin between detailed page and header + view history. Remove back to search result button?
10. Reorder texts in detailed view, such that rating is located alone in the center of the last row, for visual rating system. 

How Detailed View feedback was acted upon: (Viktor Frelund)
1. Added functionality in the API call function to add white space after . or, or ! or ?
2. Increased size to make it look cleaner, but a scroller is necessary for tags because it can list tens of rows
3. Changed color to match the rest of the view
4. Image is now centered with the image button to the bottom left of it
5. TA coach said it was okay if we didn't implement this. Not implemented because we don't know how, think it would be P-V mixup to pass promieStates to view to only change the elements which are being replaced with the API call result.
6. Replaced "Playtime" with "Estimated Playtime"
7. Moved the info box that was above the image to below it, so the image is directly after the game name
8. upvote button and "total upvotes: x" combined into just the button so button also diplays total upvotes, moved the button to top right of page above the image together with the favorites button
9. Removed back to search result button since we now have breadcrumbs in the header
10. Rating is now placed on its own row in the second column

Search Results:

1. Add margin left to the content of search results.

How Search Result feedback was acted upon: (Eliaz Biderstrand)

1. An overall revision of the style of the search result page which made it easier to read and with added margin.

Header/Search:

1. Add keyboard listener on enter for search, since user likely to try to search using that.
2. Place a version of the icon on the header, left or right of the title, add more margin for buttons in header.

How Header/Search feedback was acted upon: (Erik Paulinder)

1. A keyboard listner for the enter key was created, which calls the doSearch method and updates the hash address to point towards search result
2. A version of the icon, which is Yodas head, was added to the left of the header, and a bit more margin was added to the buttons in the header, specifically to the search input. 

View History:

1. Implement view history, as a collapsable component, use differnt color than light blue.

2. Remove the horizontal scrollbar

3. Remove the word History from the view history

How View History feedback was acted upon by William Ma Jönsson

1. It was decided to implement the view history as a collasable component but with the collapsed version not changing the layout as it would disrupt the balance of page but rather having an option to show/hide the history to declutter the screen. A different color than lightblue was used (yoda brown)

2. I acted by removing the horizontal scrollbar by setting overflow-x to hidden

3. I acted by removing the word History so there is only the button to show and hide the view history

No other suggestions for improvements on the view history

Homepage/aka initial page:
1. "Include information about the website on the homepage and highlight the benefits of logging in. It might be challenging for users to understand the website's purpose and the functionality of the "Yodafy" button."

2. ""Different parts of the UI has different styles, which is distracting for the user."

3. "Having to much empty space in the UI is a waste, and will make other parts smaller and less easily usable, and may be distracting."

How homepage feedback was acted upon by William Ma Jönsson

1. I acted upon this feedback by creating an about section on the homepage that includes information on the purpose and features of the website and the benefits of logging in.

2. I acted on this by actively using fonts and colors already used on other pages for a more consitent experience.

3. I acted on this by enlarging the carousel in the homepage and choosing an appropriate aspect ratio for the images used (16:9) as to not waste space.
