Summative user evaluation notes:

Overall:

1. Find a color palette, which has good readability while still being in theme. 
2. Ensure all buttons are styled correctly.
3. Implement a visual rating system, for ratings between 1-5, either using stars or the yoda head icon, in addition to the numerical value.
4. Use specific fonts + bold/italics to seperate different text, such as titles or descriptions
5. Allow non-users to access total upvote numbers, even if they can not make new votes.

Detailed View:

1. Yodafied description removes spaces following punctuation, which reduced the texts readability.
2. Tags + similar in detailed view should not include scroller, reduces readability and looks weird for such small amount of content.
Make them row-based, or increase size of boxes a bit.

3. Grey on details view for Tags + similar not a good choice, use same color as description.
4. Center the detail view image, and move the show screenshot button to either directly below or slightly to the left of the image.
5. Add spinner for detail view API calls, to improve system understandability for user.
6. Clarify playtime, to something like estimated or main story playtime
7. Place image directly after title in detail view.
8. Move upvote + total upvotes buttons to either top rigth or bottom rigth of page, since not relevant for the game but rather for the page.
9. Add margin between detailed page and header + view history. Remove back to search result button?
10. Reorder texts in detailed view, such that rating is located alone in the center of the last row, for visual rating system. 

Search Results:

1. Add margin left to the content of search results.

Header/Search:

1. Add keyboard listener on enter for search, since user likely to try to search using that.
2. Place a version of the icon on the header, left or right of the title, add more margin for buttons in header.


View History:

1. Implement view history, as a collapsable component, use differnt color than light blue.
